feat: adds an upload artifacts command to konvoy image builder (#214)
mesosphere/konvoy-image-builder: docs/cli/konvoy-image_upload_artifacts.md

## konvoy-image upload artifacts

upload artifacts to hosts defined in inventory-file

```
konvoy-image upload artifacts [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --container-images-dir string   path to container images for install on remote hosts.
  -h, --help                          help for artifacts
      --inventory-file string         an ansible inventory defining your infrastructure (default "inventory.yaml")
      --os-packages-bundle string     path to os-packages tar file for install on remote hosts.

>       --pip-packages-bundle string    path to pip-packages tar filefor install on remote hosts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --pip-packages-bundle string    path to pip-packages tar file for install on remote hosts.
```
